>> Scott Moss: Open up the repo,
we're gonna check out to lesson one.
And first things first,
I'm also gonna give a walk-through
with what's in this repo.
So there's a lot of stuff in here that
you don't have to concern yourself
with,that's already done for
you, that's out the way.
So we can just focus on
just the GraphQL parts.
But I want to give you an overview of
what's there so you have some context, so
you're not just like,
what is all this stuff?
Okay, so the first thing is let's
check out the package style JSON, and
we will look at some of these scripts.
So we have a test script,
this test script is gonna run all
the tests inside of this repo.
You almost will never
have to run this one,
because we'll be running
tests on a per branch basis.
So like I said, these different test
scripts down here, like test schema,
test resolver, test interfaces.
These are gonna be where you're
gonna be running tests for
the current lesson that you'll be on.
So these are the descriptions
that we'll be using the most, and
in the README it'll tell you
which test script to run.
And when you need to run it,
on what branch, we have this dev command.
This is what you'll be using
to actually start the server.
This command uses something called
nodemon, which basically is like Node,
except for it watches the files
that I tell it to watch.
And when you save that file,
any changes that were made,
it'll just restart the server for you.
So that's why we have a dev command here,
so it'll rebuild it every
time we save a file.
So we don't have to stop it and restart
it, which is annoying during development.
And then you have the restart command
which is part of this dev command.
And then the start command,
this is what you would use in production.
You don't want to use that restarting,
developer, server in production,
you just want to start it normally.
So that's the start command, so
if you deploy, this is what you would use.
I got some other ESLint stuff in here,
Babel, we're using Babel
to transpile everything.
It's using Babel 7, so
we got support for like imports and
exports, ES6, stuff like that.
That's how we get that,
because we're using Babel.
ESLint setup and Prettier, so you can
have the linting in the code formatting,
so you don't have ugly code,
I hate ugly code.
And then JSON Jess configuration
to get Jess working.
Did a whole much of other GraphQL
dependencies that we'll be using.
So the next thing is, let's see,
like I said we got the ESLint set up here,
you can check out the rules.
Feel free to change them
if you don't like them,
these are just some of some of the rules
that I use and some recommended ones.
The Babel configuration is pretty minimal,
uses the current version of Node.
And we just added some class properties
which we won't even be using.
And then object I like to to
object spread, it's pretty legit.
And from there the only thing I want to
take a look at is the actual src folder,
so this is where all the work
is gonna be happening.
So if you hop into the src folder,
a couple of things we got here,
we got this config folder.
And basically what this config folder
does is, I've built a lot of APIs,
and what I've found out is that.
When you put all the configuration, I'm
talking about secrets, database strings.
Variables that you use to toggle things on
and off like logging, anything like that,
environment variables.
If you put them all in one place,
it's a lot easier to progress
through your application.
That way, you only have to change
the configuration in one place.
If you put them all over your app, you
gotta go in many places and change them.
So I like to have this config folder
basically, which has like a base config.
And then depending on what
environment variable you're in,
it'll load up the appropriate
configuration file.
And then merge them together.
So we have a base config here,
if the Node environment was developmental,
it'll load up this dev.js and
merge the configs here.
And then now you'll have a development
file, or if it was testing,
it'll load up this testing one.
If it was production,
it'll load up a production one,
this allows you to switch configurations
based on the Node environment.
So that's given to you for free, the other
thing is, we have this Types folder.
And we'll talk about that in a minute,
because that's where you're
gonna be working the most.
This Utility folder has a few things
in it, One is gonna be the Schema file.
This Schema file, you're gonna
see it in a minute, basically,
there's only one function in here.
And what does function does, is it's
just gonna load up GraphQL files for us.
You don't know what that looks like yet,
but you don't have to worry about this.
This is just reading the file system and
loading up GraphQL files for us, so
you don't have to, so
we can get to the fun stuff.
And then there's this odd function here,
that also you don't have
to concern yourself with.
This is basically just some helper
methods to help us authenticate with our
GraphQL API, and
you would do the authentication later.
Then we have this DB file, this just
handles the connection to our database.
Again, you don't have to
concern yourself with this,
just use the Mongoose to
connect to our database.
Nothing flashy here, and
then we have this server file,
this is where we're actually
creating a GraphQL server.
We will be doing a lot of work in here,
in our lesson one there is
really no a lot going on here.
You might even see some linting
errors that I have in my file.
This is where we'll be actually
starting or creating our server and
get things going.
And then an index file's started, so
that's just like a little tour of our app.
And as far as like the context of the API,
what we're gonna be making is.
We're gonna be making a public API for
like an e-commerce app, so
think of like a Shopify API that
other apps can integrate with.
So it's not like the API for
our client, it's an API for
other developers to integrate with.
So it's like a public API for
our e-commerce app, so
that's the context of the API
we're gonna be building.
So knowing that, if you hop into Types,
you'll see three different types here.
You'll see like a coupon type,
a product type and a user type.
The coupon and
the user type are pretty much filled out,
you won't have to work on either of those.
Most of the work you're gonna be doing
is gonna be here in the product type.
There's a few things in here, like
a graph QL file, a model, and a resolver.
You'll be doing work in here, and
most of the tests that you'll be trying
to get to pass, will be in here.
So we'll be doing this work,
the other types, like coupon and user,
are just here for you for reference.
So look at those as references to
try to understand what's going on to
help you if you're stuck.
But we'll be doing most of our work in the
product type, last thing is the README,
the most important part, I forgot.
So yeah,
all the resources that I'm talking about,
are gonna be here in the README.
And any instructions for
the lessons will be in here, so
basically, there's gonna be
lessons with numbers on them.
I'm gonna give a talk,
do some live demonstration and
then you'll have an accompanying lesson.
That you can check out, too, and
start working on the exercises, and
then when we come back,
I'll give my solution of that lesson.
And you can follow along, but you can
also just check out this solution branch.
Which will have the very same or very
similar solution that I just live coded.
It'll have all the objectives that you
need to do for that lesson checked out.
Also the test command for
each lesson will be listed as well,
so only use that test command for
that lesson.
If you use any other test
command other than the one for
that lesson,
you might not get the right test to run.
And you might get some that don't work and
some that do work.
So use that test command for
that lesson just to make sure that
you're doing the right stuff.